secdir review by Stefan Santesson (#48)
ietf-scitt/draft-birkholz-cose-tsa-tst-header-parameter: draft-ietf-cose-tsa-tst-header-parameter.md

While this means that the content of the payload is not directly revealed, to prevent comparison with known payloads or disclosure of identical payloads being used over time, the payload would need to be armored, e.g., with a nonce that is shared with the recipient of the header parameter but not the TSA.
Such a mechanism can be employed inside the ones described in this specification, but is out of scope for this document.

CTT and TTC modes have different semantic meanings.

> An implementation must ensure that they are interpreted according to their specific semantics.

Author: ```suggestion
An implementation must ensure that the contents of the CTT and TCC headers are interpreted according to their specific semantics.
```
